c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\ChatterSpot.dll.config
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\ChatterSpot.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\ChatterSpot.pdb
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\obj\Debug\ChatterSpot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\obj\Debug\ChatterSpot.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\obj\Debug\ChatterSpot.pdb
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\mdean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatterSpot\ChatterSpot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
